Better contributing documentation (#2707)
api-platform/core: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Matching Coding Standards

The API Platform project follows [Symfony coding standards](https://symfony.com/doc/current/contributing/code/standards.html).
But don't worry, you can fix CS issues automatically using the [PHP CS Fixer](http://cs.sensiolabs.org/) tool:

```console

> $ php-cs-fixer.phar fix

Reviewer: Remove the `$` prefix as users may copy it while copying the command

```

And then, add the fixed file to your commit before pushing.

> Be sure to add only **your modified files**. If another files are fixed by cs tools, just revert them before committing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure to add only **your modified files**. If any other file is fixed by cs tools, just revert it before committing.
```

Both `phpunit` and `behat` are development dependencies and should be available in the `vendor` directory.

#### PHPUnit and Coverage Generation

To launch unit tests:

```console

> $ vendor/bin/phpunit --stop-on-failure -vvv

Reviewer: Remove the `$` prefix as users may copy it while copying the command

```

If you want coverage, you will need the `phpdbg` package and run:

```console

> $ phpdbg -qrr vendor/bin/phpunit --coverage-html coverage -vvv --stop-on-failure

Reviewer: Remove the `$` prefix as users may copy it while copying the command

```

Sometimes there might be an error with too many open files when generating coverage. To fix this, you can increase the `ulimit`, for example:

```console

> $ ulimit -n 4000

Reviewer: Remove the `$` prefix as users may copy it while copying the command

The command to launch Behat tests is:

```console

> $ ./vendor/bin/behat --suite=default --stop-on-failure -vvv

Reviewer: Remove the `$` prefix as users may copy it while copying the command

```

If you want to launch Behat tests for MongoDB, the command is:

```console

> $ APP_ENV=mongodb ./vendor/bin/behat --suite=mongodb --stop-on-failure -vvv

Reviewer: Remove the `$` prefix as users may copy it while copying the command

```

## Squash your Commits

If you have 3 commits, start with:

```console

> $ git rebase -i HEAD~3

Reviewer: Remove the `$` prefix as users may copy it while copying the command

Save and quit the editor.

After that, all your commits will be squashed into the first one and the commit message will be the first one.

If you would like to rename your commit message, type:

```console

> $ git commit --amend

Reviewer: Remove the `$` prefix as users may copy it while copying the command

```

Now force push to update your PR:

```console

> $ git push --force-with-lease

Reviewer: Remove the `$` prefix as users may copy it while copying the command
